# gypsum
Gypsum ceiling. and cabinets. Ceiling design can change the overall look of any room. Gypsum board can be used to produce intricate ceiling designs, wall partitions and cabinets. Below are advantages of Gypsum. Ease of installation Fire resistance Sound isolation Durability Versatile  Quality wallpapers. 20 years guarantee. wallpaper adds color, design &amp; character to a room that paint simply cannot accomplish, and can be more cost-effective option in the long run. With a myriad of texture effects and designs to choose from, it’s the best of both worlds. Wide variety of patterns, colours &amp; design Easy to clean and maintain Durable  Wall effect paintwork. Paint effects allow you the freedom to capture a mood, create an ambiance and transform the mundane into something special. Some techniques also have the extremely practical benefit of disguising less than perfect surfaces. Real-time message exchange Video and text based communication Encrypted file transfer  Furniture We custom design and make furniture for our clients projects. We have our in-house designers and craftsmen with extensive experience at making high quality bespoke pieces. Tailored to you Focus on quality Value for investment  Floor lighting General light design. Lighting has the ability to change the mood and feel of any room. And depending on the room, can be manipulated to perform a multitude of functions. We provide lighting solutions that transform spaces into mood creators and enhancers. Add value to your home/business Create a focal point Add ambiance Improve your health  3D Floor plans Landscaping We pay attention to your floor plan needs and requirements to ensure that you have floor plan that is both impressive and easy to use. We also offer landscaping design to ensure that the exterior surrounding of your home or work place Advanced software technology Custom 3D floor plan Cost effective &amp; time saving solutions  E-tech Interiors is your interior design partner of choice. Understanding your requirements and objectives is important to us. We listen and work together to create an experience for you.
